docs: recommend PG v13 or later (#8276)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/using-unleash/deploy/database-setup.md

title: Database Setup
---

> To run Unleash you need to have PostgreSQL database (PostgreSQL v13.x+).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Unleash you need to have PostgreSQL v13.0+.
```
